How did you get out?
Yeah, I don't know where he is.
I'm not worried about this kid, he let me do you
Don't you just keep watching this?
If I fart, I will drive around and can't look at my wife
I'm telling you, you are not allowed to go.
Got it, hurry back and don't go blind
Sister-in-law is back, what about my brother?
Hey, that's not reliable.
I searched around and couldn't find anyone
Let's leave him alone and eat first. The dishes will be cold later.
Okay, I'm hungry too.
Taste it, it's all carefully prepared for you by my sister
Here's to you.
Thank you sister-in-law
What about Li Xiaolin?
Li Xiaolin, no matter how amazing you are, what can you do?
From tomorrow.
Haven't you ever had to listen to me?